hi my name is Jen grow from Jenga calm
and I'm gonna show you how to clean
coffee stains out of these two stainless
steel crafts so I've got these craft if
you have a standard stuff craft you know
that coffee stains the inside of them
okay check this out right inside here
might be hard to see but you can see
coffee stains all inside there I've
actually scrubbed that one and I can't
get it all off it's too tight to scrub
this one's even tighter and I've got
some pictures I'll show but they're
filled with coffee stains and what I'm
gonna do is super easy clean these with
a product called steam solver sold
produced and sold by a friend of mine
Tim and oxygen bleach it's great product
and it will take care of these things
super easily I talked to Tim call them
up and ask them exactly what I should do
for this prop for this application and
it's very easy you don't need to use
very much stain solver marks and all
sorts of things it's all-natural
biodegradable non-toxic you can use lots
of things to clean with but stain solver
oxygen bleach is non-toxic so to clean
the coffee stains out of these things
it's very easy all you have to do is
fill these things up with hot water
Tim told me that all I need for a quart
of warm water is a teaspoon of stated
solver to a drop it right in don't have
to stir it don't have to do anything so
I'm going to use a tablespoon just to be
check this out
you can see already some of the notes
non-toxic so there's no problem that I'm
touching this you can see bubbling and
chemicals activating the water is
interacting with the oxygen bleach
releasing oxygen causing this foaming
bubbling activity this is what you know
this is it's kind of scrubbing activity
that it's doing so we'll leave this here
for like four to six hours and we'll
come back and look at the results
five hours later and it's mostly stopped
foaming this was very brown this one
which was not as dirty does not look as
brown let's start with this one stump up
some of this water see what we got
that's actually step out the wrists take
a look inside it's hard to see but that
is crystal clear let's make a new
stainless steel there's all the black
that was off the size I remember I
scrubbed that before no scrubbing with
this though it just was totally cleared
up brand-new stayin solver did the trick
you